What is GIT?
What is the difference between GIT and SVN?
What is the function of ‘GIT PUSH’ in GIT?
Why GIT better than Subversion?
 What is “Staging Area” or “Index” in GIT?
 What is GIT stash?
What is GIT stash drop?
How will you know in GIT if a branch has been already merged into master?
What is the function of git clone?
What is the function of ‘git config’?
How can you create a repository in Git?
What is ‘head’ in git and how many heads can be created in a repository?
What is the purpose of branching in GIT?
 How can conflict in git resolved?
 To delete a branch what is the command that is used?
 What is another option for merging in git?
What is the difference between ‘git remote’ and ‘git clone’?
Mention some of the best graphical GIT client for LINUX?
What is Subgit? Why to use Subgit?
What is the function of ‘git diff ’ in git?
What is ‘git status’ is used for?
What is the difference between the ‘git diff ’and ‘git status’?
 What is the function of ‘git checkout’ in git?
What is the function of ‘git rm’?
 What is the function of ‘git stash apply’?
What is the use of ‘git log’?
What is ‘git add’ is used for?
 What is the function of ‘git reset’?
What is git Is-tree?
How git instaweb is used?
What does ‘hooks’ consist of in git?
Explain what is commit message?
How can you fix a broken commit?
 Why is it advisable to create an additional commit rather than amending an existing commit?
What is ‘bare repository’ in GIT?
Name a few Git repository hosting services
https://www.edureka.co/blog/interview-questions/git-interview-questions/
https://www.toptal.com/git/interview-questions
http://www.web-technology-experts-notes.in/2015/11/git-interview-questions-and-answers.html
http://technoscrum.blogspot.in/2013/11/git-tips-interview-questions-answers.html

How to delete a Git branch both locally and remotely?
How do you undo the last commit?
How to Edit an incorrect commit message in Git?
What are the differences between 'git pull' and 'git fetch'?
How do you rename the local branch?
 How do I remove local files (Not in Repo) from my current Git branch?
 How to Checkout remote Git branch?
How do I remove a Git submodule?
How do you create a remote Git branch?
How to Change the URL for a remote Git repository?
 How to Change the author of a commit in Git?
How do you revert a commit that has already been pushed and made public?
How do you squash last N commits into a single commit?
How do you find a list of files that has changed in a particular commit?
What is git bisect? How can you use it to determine the source of a (regression) bug?
How do you setup a script to run every time a repository receives new commits through push?
What are the different ways you can refer to a commit?
What is git rebase and how can it be used to resolve conflicts in a feature branch before merge?
How do you configure a Git repository to run code sanity checking tools right before making commits, and preventing them if the test fails?
 Describe branching strategies you have used?
How do you start Git and what is the process called?
How do you determine the current state of the project?
 How Can I Move all your changes since your last commit to the staging area.
How to Store the saved changes in the repository and add a message "first commit".
 Show a list of all the commits that have been made.
How do you put your local repository (repo) on the GitHub server?
How to take a git project from GitHub to your local machine to work on it.
 What is the purpose of working off multiple branches.
 Write the command to create a branch called working
How to list all of the branches.
How to switch to the working branch
How to merge the changes that were made in the working branch with the master branch.
How to delete the working branch
 What is the command to Put everything up on the remote repository.


