--  It is container of application and all dependencies.

Benfits:

-- It is highly portable. its work on any machine.
-- It is easy to  setup
-- It improves the performance.


Dockers Vs VMs

--vms are heavy weight
-- dockers are light weight
-- VMs are 100% isolated its not depending each other
-- Not 100% isolated bcoz dockers are process.


-- If our application is dockerized jenkins will build an image and uploads the images to docker hub.

Docker Image: 
-- Is a template which contains our application and all its dependencies.

Dockerfile:

Dockerfile  -----   Dokcer images ------------- 1..n Docker containers

Dockerfile -- Give the instruction to how to build the docker image

Docker container: From Docker image can create n no of containers.

Docker installation:
-------------------------
sudo yum install -y
sudo service docker start
sudo usermod -a -G docker ec2-user // giving the permission to ec2-user
reboot the machine

existing images:
-------------------
run the existing images

docker run -dit -p 80:80 --name my-running-app httpd

run -- To create the container for image
-d -- run in detach mode
-it  -- interactive terminal
-p -- port mapping   80:80 first one is host port second one is container port
--name - Name of the container give some name to container if not 
httpd -- docker image
--docker checks for the image from local if not present get from docker repos

docker ps // display the running containers


Tasks
Pull the images from docker repo like jenkins,sonar,nexus
Create the multiple containers with one image
delete the all images
delete all containers
Start all containers
Stop all containers
login into the container
Terminate a container
docker kill container-id


Removing Images:
docker images // list out the images
docker rmi image id 
docker images -q
docker rmi $(docker images -q)

To login into container
docker exec -it containerid  /bin/bash


Docker Task:
-----------------
Pull the tomcat image from docker repo
Create 3 containers with tomcat image
Start all containers at a time.
Stop all containers at a time.
Delete all containers at a time.

pwd
cd /var/lib
cd /opt/






comeout from container without stopping the ctrl+pq
















